Draft/p2719 updates (#5)
ldionne/wg21: p2719.md

// user writes:
new (args...) T(...)

// compiler checks:
{{DeclScope = (T specifies operator new) ? T : Global}}
DeclSpace::operator new(sizeof(T), align_val_t(alignof(T)), args...) // (1)

> DeclSpace::operator new(sizeof(T), args...)  // (2)

Reviewer: I understand that you're trying to be precise here by treating `align_val_t` consistently with what happens in reality. But since this is just a comparison table, I'd rather stay a bit hand-wavy but more easy to grok at first sight. We can explain the detailed lookup + overload resolution later in the paper.

# Proposal

> This proposal adds a new implicit tag argument of type `type_identity_t<T>` to `operator new` and `operator delete` that is incorporated into the existing declaration preference logic with a higher priority than existing implicit parameters. To avoid potential conficts with existing code, this parameter is placed as the first argument to the operator, preceding the size or subject pointer. For such a declaration to be valid we require that the parameter be explicitly a specialization of `std::type_identity_t`, and not a fully dependent type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal adds a new implicit tag argument of type `type_identity<T>` to `operator new` and `operator delete` that is incorporated into the existing declaration preference logic with a higher priority than existing implicit parameters. To avoid potential conficts with existing code, this parameter is placed as the first argument to the operator, preceding the size or subject pointer. For such a declaration to be valid we require that the parameter be explicitly a specialization of `std::type_identity`, and not a fully dependent type.
```

```

The only difference here is that we're not passing `std::type_identity` as a first argument and we are passing
it as a template argument instead. Unfortunately, this has a number of problems. First, this doesn't allow ADL to kick

> in, severely reducing the flexibility for defining the operator. The second problem is that existing code is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it as a template argument instead. Unfortunately, this has a number of problems. First, this doesn't allow ADL to kick
in, severely reducing the flexibility for defining the operator. Another problem is that existing code is
```
